Add ability to change DB host and port for tests (#286)
yiisoft/db-pgsql: docs/en/testing.md

> Note: We recommend pull requesting in draft mode until all tests pass.

## Docker

For greater ease it is recommended to use docker containers. 

> For this you can use the [docker-compose.yml](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/) file with PostgreSQL 15 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [docker-compose.yml](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/) file with PostgreSQL 15 
```

> that is in the root of package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is in the root of the package:
```

```shell

> docker compose up -d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker-compose up -d
```

```

or run container directly via command:

```shell
docker run --name pgsql -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=root -e POSTGRES_USER=root -e POSTGRES_DB=yiitest -d postgres:15
```

> If IP address at which the container with DB is accessible is different from `127.0.0.1`, then set environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the IP address at which the container with DB is accessible is different from `127.0.0.1`, then set environment variable
```

`YIISOFT_DB_PGSQL_TEST_HOST` to actual IP. For example:

```shell
export YIISOFT_DB_PGSQL_TEST_HOST=172.17.0.3
````

> > Environment variable `YIISOFT_DB_PGSQL_TEST_HOST` usage only for this package testing. It's not need and not work for
> > your application or library that used `yiisoft/db-pgsql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Environment variable `YIISOFT_DB_PGSQL_TEST_HOST` is used only for this package testing. It's not needed for and isn't used in
> your application or package that uses `yiisoft/db-pgsql`.
```

## Unit testing

The package is tested with [PHPUnit](https://phpunit.de/).

The following steps are required to run the tests:

> 1. Run the docker container with PostgreSQL database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the docker container with DBMS.
```

2. Install the dependencies of the project with composer.

> 3. Run the tests with the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the tests:
```
